ci: document how to handle errors in the release process (#2533)
tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle: docs/about/internals/releases.md

How a new TigerBeetle release is made. Note that the process is being
established, so this document might not perfectly reflect reality just yet.

> The document _start_ with a succinct release manager algorithm for convenience of release managers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document _starts_ with a succinct release manager algorithm for convenience of release managers.
```

          vopr: heal *both* wal header sectors before replica startup

    ### Safety And Performance

    -

    ### Features

    -

    ### Internals

    -

    ### TigerTracks 🎧

    - []()
    ```

    If the current release is being skipped, replace the header with `## TigerBeetle (unreleased)`.

3. Fill in the changelog:
   - categorize pull requests into three buckets.
   - drop minor pull requests
   - group related PRs into a single bullet point
   - double-check that the version looks right
   - if there are any big features in the release, write about them in the lead paragraph.
   - pick the tiger track!

4. Commit the changelog and submit a pull request for review

5. After the PR is merged, push to the `release` branch:

   ```console
   $ git fetch origin && git push origin origin/main:release
   ```
6. Ask someone else to approve the GitHub workflow.

7. Ping release manager for the next week in Slack.

### Error Handling

If the release failed completely (nothing was published), it is safe to re-run the release GitHub
Actions job.

More likely, the release was partially successful: eg, the NodeJS package was uploaded, but

> uploading the Java package failed. This is not a problem --- release on GitHub will remain a daft in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
uploading the Java package failed. This is not a problem --- the replica release on GitHub will remain a draft in
```

> this case. To re-try release, increment the version number of the latest changelog entry alongside

Reviewer: ```suggestion
this case. To retry the release, increment the version number of the latest changelog entry alongside
```
